Add workflow to test nlp_primitives without test dependencies (#157)
alteryx/nlp_primitives: docs/source/changelog.rst

    * Enhancements
    * Fixes
        * Fix bug in ``CountString`` with null values (:pr:`154`)

>         * Fix a bug with nltk data was not packaged with repo (:pr:`157`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Fix a bug with nltk data was not included in package (:pr:`157`)
```
